Add ability to specify a minor version for `pulpcore_version` (#762)
pulp/pulp_installer: docs/customizing.md

```
  vars:

>     pulpcore_upgrade: true

Reviewer: pulpcore_update, not pulpcore_upgrade

      default_file_storage: 'storages.backends.azure_storage.AzureStorage'
```

> `pulpcore_upgrade` is set to `true` which means that if pulpcore 3.16 is already installed, it will be upgraded to the latest patch release 3.16.z.

Reviewer: pulpcore_update, not pulpcore_upgrade

Initial installation:

1. Make sure you are running the latest version of the installer, which installs pulpcore's

>    latest 3.y release.

Reviewer: We need an entire new section under `Recommended Workflows for Pulpcore & Plugin Versioning`.

One named like "latest version on minor release branches".

It will be for both pulpcore and the plugins.

Author: I added a new section

         upgrade: true
```

> ### Latest patch release for a minor release of pulpcore

Reviewer: What I had in mind was:
```suggestion
### Latest patch releases for minor releases of pulpcore and plugins
```

In other words, both pulpcore & plugins stay on the same branch, but get the latest.

In other words, a sysadmin who wants to "patch", but not "upgrade". Assume the "upgrades" are done every 6 months (or when a feature need arises), but they "patch" every month.

In fact, you to make your approach work, extra steps are involved. Users would have to make sure the latest plugin is not too new that it requires newer pulpcore.

The rest of my comments are assuming my suggested approach.

Initial installation:

1. Make sure you are running the latest version of the installer, which installs pulpcore's
   latest 3.y release.
1. Confirm that all the latest stable releases of your desired plugins are compatible with
   pulpcore's latest version , such as by reading the release announcement email thread for

>    pulpcore's latest version, reading the plugins README, or as a last resort, reading their `setup.py`.

Reviewer: They need to identify the latest compatible branch. Like pulp_file 1.20 and 1.21 could both be compatible with pulpcore 3.18 .

1. Set `pulp_install_plugins` with each plugin listed as a key, with an empty enum '{}' as each plugin's value.
1. Run `pulp_installer`.
1. Make sure to save your variables/playbook for later usage.

Example `pulp_install_plugins`:
```
  vars:
    pulp_install_plugins:
      pulp-container: {}
      pulp-file: {}

>       pulp-rpm: {}

Reviewer: How about they specify the branch during initial install?

So that they can more easily update in the future. Updating in the future would just involve adding the "update: true".

```

Upgrading your installation:

> 1. Use the latest patch version of `pulp_installer` that corresponds to , and what version of pulpcore it installs.

Reviewer: Maybe clarify in terms of `3.y.z?

> 1. Confirm that all the latest stable releases of all **currently installed** plugins are compatible

Reviewer: No, not the latest stable release, the latest on the previously used branch.

They also should generally stick with the same branch that they used before.

   with pulpcore's latest version, such as by reading the release announcement email thread for pulpcore's
   latest version, reading the plugins' README files, or as a last resort, reading their setup.py.
1. If they are not all compatible yet, **wait** for the plugins to be updated for

>    compatibility.

Reviewer: There's no need to wait. There's no need to check honestly. The plugins are being updated witthin a minor release, not upgraded to a new minor release.

1. Upgrade `pulp_installer` to the latest version.
1. Set `pulpcore_update` to `true`. This will upgrade your `pulpcore` package to the latest minor release.

> 1. Set `pulp_install_plugins` with each plugin listed as a key, and with each plugin having a key under it called `upgrade` set to the value `true`.

Reviewer: In addition to the version set to the value (as previously set.)
